Parallelization of integrand evaluations (#80)
JuliaMath/QuadGK.jl: docs/src/quadgk-examples.md

## Batched integrand evaluation

User-side parallelization of integrand evaluations is also possible by providing
an in-place function of the form `f!(y,x) = y .= f.(x)`, which evaluates the
integrand at multiple points simultaneously. To use this API, `quadgk`
dispatches on a [`BatchIntegrand`](@ref) type containing `f!` and buffers for
`y` and `x`. These buffers may be pre-allocated and reused for multiple
`BatchIntegrand`s with the same domain and range types.

For example, we can perform multi-threaded integration of a highly oscillatory
function that needs to be refined globally:
```
julia> f(x) = sin(100x)
f (generic function with 1 method)

julia> function f!(y, x)
           n = Threads.nthreads()
           Threads.@threads for i in 1:n
                y[i:n:end] .= f.(@view(x[i:n:end]))
           end
       end
f! (generic function with 1 method)

julia> quadgk(BatchIntegrand(f!, Float64), 0, 1)
(0.0013768112771231598, 8.493080824940099e-12)
```

Batching also changes how the adaptive refinement is done, which typically leads

> to slightly different results and sometimes more integrand evaluations. Additionally,
> a `max_batch` size can be set to limit the amount of memory that is allocated
> for integrand evaluations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to slightly different results and sometimes more integrand evaluations. You
can limit the maximum batch size with `max_batch`, which can be useful
in order to set an upper bound on the size of the buffers allocated for
evaluating the integrands.
```

## Batched integrand evaluation

User-side parallelization of integrand evaluations is also possible by providing
an in-place function of the form `f!(y,x) = y .= f.(x)`, which evaluates the
integrand at multiple points simultaneously. To use this API, `quadgk`
dispatches on a [`BatchIntegrand`](@ref) type containing `f!` and buffers for
`y` and `x`. These buffers may be pre-allocated and reused for multiple
`BatchIntegrand`s with the same domain and range types.

For example, we can perform multi-threaded integration of a highly oscillatory
function that needs to be refined globally:
```
julia> f(x) = sin(100x)
f (generic function with 1 method)

julia> function f!(y, x)
           n = Threads.nthreads()
           Threads.@threads for i in 1:n
                y[i:n:end] .= f.(@view(x[i:n:end]))
           end
       end
f! (generic function with 1 method)

> julia> quadgk(BatchIntegrand(f!, Float64), 0, 1)

Reviewer: Shouldn't this now be `BatchIntegrand{Float64}(f!)` ?
